README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm **Anda Usman**! 👋  

💗 **Loves building and growing products**  
🌍 **Passionate about Applied AI**  
🎓 **B.Sc. (Hons) In Computer Science**  

I thrive at the intersection of **technology, innovation, and community impact**, driven by a mission to leverage AI for business and social transformation.  

---

## 🚀 About Me  
 
- 🏆 Developed an **ensemble career recommendation system** to guide  secondary school students based on their academic performance.  
- 💡 Actively exploring **AI/ML** to unlock its transformative potential in **Business** and **social good**.  

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack  

- **Languages:** Python  
- **Frameworks:** Django  
- **Databases:** PostgreSQL  

---

## 🏆 Achievements  

- 🎖️ Presented my work on **Career Guidance Using Ensemble Machine Learning** at the **Data Science Nigeria AI Bootcamp 2024**.  
- 🏅 Honored by **Nigeria Association of Computing Students (NACOS)** and **Student Representative Council (FULokoja)**.  
- 🌍 Member of global tech communities, including:  
  - **Association for Computing Machinery (ACM)**  
  - **Open Source Community Africa (OSCA)**  
  - **Data Science Nigeria**  
- 🏅 Earned a **Growth Engineering Certification** from **alGrowthm Academy (2024)**.  

---

## 🌱 Current Focus  

- **Recommender Systems**: Enhancing personalised recommendation models, including the career path recommender for students.  
- **AI for Business & Social Good**: Applying AI to solve societal challenges and drive business growth.  

---

## 📬 Get in Touch  

- 📧 **Email:** [anda@andausman.com](mailto:anda@andausman.com)  
- 🌐 **Website:** [andausman.com](https://andausman.com)  
- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/andausman](https://linkedin.com/in/anda-usman-ai)  
- 🐦 **Twitter:** [@andausman_](https://twitter.com/andausman_)  

---



Thanks for stopping by! Let’s connect and build impactful solutions together. 🚀

Commit message:

Revise README.md for clarity and updated info
Updated personal information and tech stack details in README.md.

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm **Anda Usman**!  

 **Loves building and growing products**  
 **Passionate about Applied AI**  

I thrive at the intersection of **technology, innovation, and community impact**, driven by a mission to leverage AI for business and social transformation.  

---

## 🚀 About Me  
 
- 🏆 Developed an **ensemble career recommendation system** to guide  secondary school students based on their academic performance.  
- 💡 Actively using**AI/ML** to unlock its transformative potential in **Business** and **social good**.
- Currently building & shipping at Andalabx.com
- On a mission to help 1 million businesses adopt AI.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack  

- **Languages:** Python, JavaScript
- **Frameworks:** Django, NodeJS, React/NextJS, Handlebars.js
- **Databases:** PostgreSQL,  

---


---

##  Current Focus  

- **AI for Business & Social Good**: Applying AI to solve societal challenges and drive business growth. 
- **Centering African Data**: On a mission to curate, clean and centre 10 million African datasets by 2030.

- 

## 📬 Get in Touch  

- 📧 **Email:** [anda@andausman.com](mailto:anda@andausman.com)  
- 🌐 **Website:** [andausman.com](https://andausman.com)  
- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/andausman](https://linkedin.com/in/anda-usman-ai)  
- 🐦 **Twitter:** [@andausman_](https://twitter.com/andausman_)  

---



Thanks for stopping by! Let’s connect and build impactful solutions together. 🚀
